In this lecture we'll segment our data using k means clustering using principal components as features
lets reuse the code we wrote before
only this time as an argument we'll use these scores of the PCI.
Note that the component scores are standardized by definition.
That's why their values are so arbitrary.
This is actually great news for us as there is no need to standardize them to make our code more semantic.
Let's start by adding a PCI suffix to the K Means variable at all necessary places.
Simple as that.
Now let's visualize the within clusters sum of squares by number of clusters.
We could employ the same code as before
we'll just change the title of the graph to avoid any confusion.
Great.
Now it's time to pick the number of clusters through the Elbow Method.
The result is very similar to what we got last time.
However if you examine the two plots more closely you will see some differences.
In any case the decision we make doesn't change.
It still looks like the most prominent kink comes at the fore cluster mark once more.
Well the jury is out.
We'll be working with 4 clusters
let's create a k means P.S. a model with 4 clusters.
We'll use the same initialize her in random state as before.
Next will fit the model with the principal component scores.
Great.
We've obtained the K Means PCI clustering solution with 4 clusters all right in the next video we'll
exploit the results of our segmentation model in more detail.
Thanks for watching.